README.md, before:

<p align=center>
    <a title="CI workflow" href="https://github.com/yamporg/mods/actions/workflows/main.yaml">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/yamporg/mods/CI?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="CI workflow build status badge">
    </a>
    <a title="CD workflow" href="https://github.com/yamporg/mods/actions/workflows/release.yaml">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/yamporg/mods/CD?style=for-the-badge&label=release&logo=github" alt="CD workflow release status badge">
    </a>
</p>

# Mods

Monorepo for Minecraft mod projects.

<p>
    <a title="Dynamic Darkness mod" href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-darkness">
        <img src="http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_dynamic-darkness_Darkness%20%7C_downloads.svg?badge_style=for_the_badge" alt="Dynamic Darkness mod downloads counter badge">
    </a>
    <br>
    <a title="IFBHFix mod" href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ifbhfix">
        <img src="http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_ifbhfix_IFBHFix%20%7C_downloads.svg?badge_style=for_the_badge" alt="IFBHFix mod downloads counter badge">
    </a>
</p>

## The Idea

Common build script tweaks are Gradle plugins in [buildSrc](buildSrc). Each individual project decides which tweaks to apply as well as which third-party plugins versions to use. Plugins in buildSrc must not depend on any third-party plugin, but may provide optional integration (e.g. [reproducible-builds](buildSrc/src/main/kotlin/io/github/yamporg/gradle/ReproducibleBuildsPlugin.kt) plugin fixes non-determinism in [ForgeGradle](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/ForgeGradle) tasks).

Currently, this project contains only [Forge](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge) mods, but it should be possible to have [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net) mods alongside.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

It’s recommended to use the latest [IntelliJ IDEA](https://jetbrains.com/idea) release with [Minecraft Dev for IntelliJ](https://minecraftdev.org) plugin. [Gradle](https://gradle.org) distribution specified in [gradle-wrapper.properties](gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties) will be [automatically downloaded on project import](https://jetbrains.com/help/idea/gradle.html#604e9f91). Note that you don’t have to install a specific JDK version, [Gradle handles that for you](https://blog.gradle.org/java-toolchains)!

### Building

To start with the project, you can either import it with IntelliJ IDEA or simply build from the command line.
```
gradle build
```
That would output jar archives to `<project-name>/build/libs` directory.

### Running

Each subproject defines either runClient or runServer tasks, or both, if it makes sense. To generate run/debug configurations, execute genIntellijRuns task. You may need to reopen the project afterwards. It’s also possible to [build and run using IntelliJ IDEA](https://gist.github.com/quat1024/8bf436c85e5c140d27d49a7dc6c09982).
```
gradle genIntellijRuns
```

Alternatively, just run the Gradle task without generating IDE configuration.
```
gradle :darkness-1.12.x:runClient
```

## Releasing

The CI runs upload task on tag push. The tag must follow the `<project>/v<semver>` format where `<project>` is the name of the project (e.g. `darkness-1.12.x`) and `<semver>` is the [semantic version](https://semver.org).  
For example, to publish release v0.4.0-beta of darkness-1.12.x, run the following:
```
git tag darkness-1.12.x/v0.4.0-beta
git push --tags
```

### 503’s from CurseForge (or is it Cloudflare?)

If you are getting HTTP 503’s errors for CurseForge API, set up a proxy. E.g. something like the command below is good enough for local testing.
```
CURSEFORGE_TOKEN=xxx gradle :darkness-1.12.x:curseforge -D'org.gradle.jvmargs=-DsocksProxyHost=45.79.207.110 -DsocksProxyPort=9200'
```
Also, I have no freaking idea why is that happening. I’ve tried connecting from two distinct local ISPs and that didn’t help.

Commit message:

Add -forge- to all Forge-based project names

README.md, after:

<p align=center>
    <a title="CI workflow" href="https://github.com/yamporg/mods/actions/workflows/main.yaml">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/yamporg/mods/CI?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="CI workflow build status badge">
    </a>
    <a title="CD workflow" href="https://github.com/yamporg/mods/actions/workflows/release.yaml">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/yamporg/mods/CD?style=for-the-badge&label=release&logo=github" alt="CD workflow release status badge">
    </a>
</p>

# Mods

Monorepo for Minecraft mod projects.

<p>
    <a title="Dynamic Darkness mod" href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-darkness">
        <img src="http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_dynamic-darkness_Darkness%20%7C_downloads.svg?badge_style=for_the_badge" alt="Dynamic Darkness mod downloads counter badge">
    </a>
    <br>
    <a title="IFBHFix mod" href="https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ifbhfix">
        <img src="http://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/full_ifbhfix_IFBHFix%20%7C_downloads.svg?badge_style=for_the_badge" alt="IFBHFix mod downloads counter badge">
    </a>
</p>

## The Idea

Common build script tweaks are Gradle plugins in [buildSrc](buildSrc). Each individual project decides which tweaks to apply as well as which third-party plugins versions to use. Plugins in buildSrc must not depend on any third-party plugin, but may provide optional integration (e.g. [reproducible-builds](buildSrc/src/main/kotlin/io/github/yamporg/gradle/ReproducibleBuildsPlugin.kt) plugin fixes non-determinism in [ForgeGradle](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/ForgeGradle) tasks).

Currently, this project contains only [Forge](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge) mods, but it should be possible to have [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net) mods alongside.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

It’s recommended to use the latest [IntelliJ IDEA](https://jetbrains.com/idea) release with [Minecraft Dev for IntelliJ](https://minecraftdev.org) plugin. [Gradle](https://gradle.org) distribution specified in [gradle-wrapper.properties](gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties) will be [automatically downloaded on project import](https://jetbrains.com/help/idea/gradle.html#604e9f91). Note that you don’t have to install a specific JDK version, [Gradle handles that for you](https://blog.gradle.org/java-toolchains)!

### Building

To start with the project, you can either import it with IntelliJ IDEA or simply build from the command line.
```
gradle build
```
That would output jar archives to `<project-name>/build/libs` directory.

### Running

Each subproject defines either runClient or runServer tasks, or both, if it makes sense. To generate run/debug configurations, execute genIntellijRuns task. You may need to reopen the project afterwards. It’s also possible to [build and run using IntelliJ IDEA](https://gist.github.com/quat1024/8bf436c85e5c140d27d49a7dc6c09982).
```
gradle genIntellijRuns
```

Alternatively, just run the Gradle task without generating IDE configuration.
```
gradle :darkness-forge-1.12.x:runClient
```

## Releasing

The CI runs upload task on tag push. The tag must follow the `<project>/v<semver>` format where `<project>` is the name of the project (e.g. `darkness-forge-1.12.x`) and `<semver>` is the [semantic version](https://semver.org).  
For example, to publish release v0.4.0-beta of darkness-forge-1.12.x, run the following:
```
git tag darkness-forge-1.12.x/v0.4.0-beta
git push --tags
```

### 503’s from CurseForge (or is it Cloudflare?)

If you are getting HTTP 503’s errors for CurseForge API, set up a proxy. E.g. something like the command below is good enough for local testing.
```
CURSEFORGE_TOKEN=xxx gradle :darkness-forge-1.12.x:curseforge -D'org.gradle.jvmargs=-DsocksProxyHost=45.79.207.110 -DsocksProxyPort=9200'
```
Also, I have no freaking idea why is that happening. I’ve tried connecting from two distinct local ISPs and that didn’t help.
